1) What is the longest river in the world?;A. Missisipi-Missouri;B. Yangtze;C. Nile;D. Amazon;D;The longest river in the world is the Amazon River - 6 800 km. It is located in South America. 
2) What is the highest mountain in the world?;A. Mount Everest;B. Makalu;C. K2;D. Kangchenjunga;A;The highest mountain in the world is Mount Everest - 8 848 m. Mount Everest is in the Himalayas, the highest mountain range in the world. Its peak is on the border of Nepal and China. 
3) What is the deepest lake in the world?;A. Tanganyika;B. Caspian Sea;C. Baikal;D. Malawi/Nyasa;C;The deepest lake in the world is Baikal - 1 642 m. Lake Baikal is a rift lake in Russia, located in southern Siberia, between Irkutsk Oblast to the northwest and the Buryat Republic to the southeast.
4) What is the highest volcano in the world?;A. Llullaillaco;B. Nevado Tres Cruces;C. Monte Pissis;D. Ojos del Salado;D;The highest volcano in the world is Ojos del Salado - 6 893 m. Nevado Ojos del Salado is a stratovolcano in the Andes on the Argentina–Chile border.
5) What is the smallest state in the world?;A. Tuvalu;B. Vatican City;C. Monaco;D. Nauru;B;The smallest state in the world is Vatican City State - 0,44 km2. It is an independent state located within the city of Rome with a population of about 1,000.
6) What is the biggest desert in the world?;A. Arctic;B. Sahara;C. Gobi Desert;D. Antarctica;D;The biggest desert in the world is Antarctica - 14 000 000 km2. It is surrounded by the Southern Ocean.  It is the fifth-largest continent. Antarctica is nearly twice the size of Australia. 
7) What is the highest waterfall in the world?;A. Angel Falls;B. Yumbilla Falls;C. Browne Falls;D. Tugela Falls;A;The highest waterfall in the world is the Angel Falls - 979 m. It is located in Venezuela. The waterfall drops over the edge of the Auyán-tepui mountain in the Canaima National Park.  
8) What is the biggest island in the world?;A. New Guinea;B. Greenland;C. Madagascar;D. Borneo;B;The biggest island in the world is Greenland - 2 130 800 km2. Greenland is an autonomous constituent country within the Kingdom of Denmark between the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans, east of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. 
9) What is the longest mountain chain in the world?;A. Rocky Mountains;B. Transantarctic Mountains;C. Andes;D. Himalayas;C;The longest continental mountain range in the world are the Andes - 7 000 km. They form a continuous highland along the western edge of South America.
10) What is the deepest trench in the world?;A. Kuril- Kamchatka Trench;B. Mariana Trench;C. Tonga Trench;D. Philippine trench;B;The deepest trench in the world is the Mariana Trench - 10 994 m. It is located in the western Pacific Ocean, an average of 200 kilometres to the east of the Mariana Islands, in the Western Pacific east of Philippines.
